is Jehovah gay perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
[Music] intoxication perfume [Music]
intoxication perfume [Music] intoxication perfume intoxication music
of the Antichrist Ballad of the root Cutters ballerina come to see you fos
with love Athena Dre a chrome to your do and end the war I'm vying for peace all
things hidden will be revealed I'm Freddy Krueger with the purple stone
hail Satan Medusa's home I'm in the Twilight zoning Roots I cut and grow
them death B you to it take two hits and hold it the wit she keep you loaded so
good they want my mow it I spit Dragon venom through hell into the heaven
High fire is purple I'm with the ashy Ashman where the horses ride flying
through the night I'm here for the promises you feel all right it's a
policy she keeps it tight got the costume on all night I'm with the
fumigation company perfume [Music]
intoxication perfume intoxication
perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
[Music] intoxication welcome back to Lady
Babylon and Alman you you know how it goes people you're going to get me for 30 minutes of delightful delightful
dirtiness and then we're going to turn you over to the DI and he will tell you
where you should be if you are what you are Fant fantastic I love the fact that
we're here tonight and I have just a few minutes to go over something with you that is
so get ready get ready right you thought what what else could there be oh my
goodness it's going to get dark and we're gonna go to a place that people
don't normally go to but that's exactly
why we're doing it we're doing it because we like Paul had to go in deep
we needed that prick we needed the purple yeah so what I'm going to do
tonight is I'm GNA take you on an actual trip of Paul the Apostle where he is
discussing we're right there he's right there the ship's coming down we're getting right there first century here he comes here he comes it's a rain Ando
what you doing Dr bugy Paul what are you doing that's what we're going to look at tonight and we're going to look
at God and when I say God I mean God
we're going to be staring Jehovah right in the eyes tonight and
you are going to be surprised what you find you're going to
be surprised it's the orientation that matters let's see let's
see hit it chewy we got a uh first wait wait wait wait before before we get to Paul and Jehovah and show you things
that people I I promise you satanic congregation people are going to look at
this and they're going to say oh what do we do yeah it's fantastic are
you ready and the fun thing is we get to go right into the cult right into the cult right that's how we get there you
want to see the mystery as it's happening are you ready right in another dimension
they look at everybody and they say oh you're those nutcases who follow that pedophile yes you do come here Paul
somebody wants you to SK spank where's the look what we did we expanded the
universe my God I think it was the plant CRA right here we go here we go Paul
come here tonight it's for you it's for you St Paul you little you little
servant of Lydia oh everybody thinks he's so smart let's
watch him tonight let's see where he gets his smarts from but first we have some soul sucking to do I'm so glad to
tell you we've got soul sucking are you ready pull out your finest right get on
the throne everybody in the congregation you know exactly what I'm saying get on the throne pull out that goblet cuz
tonight we're serving up soul we're serving up
Soul it's UFC
Antiquity let's go for it let's go for it you ready they're looking for Challengers
now yeah oh I'm hungry I'm hungry as I can be give me the first one give me the
first one what is that person I wanted just quick look at this comment before we get to the day and clips one of the
most interesting interviews I've ever listened to about all of this this man is dangerous to the current leaders of
Rel of religions the world over almond Hillman should be taken very seriously
it sounds ominous doesn't it but the point here is exactly is exactly on I
shouldn't be taking uh uh you know people shouldn't be looking at me but these texts reveal
a completely different world than the religious world that you and I have had
pulled over our eyes yeah it's a new world baby let's look at
it through the um where are the clips did we put the Clips in there oh we need another one so's like shut up um gecko
boy gecko we love geckos um he did his PhD under stavra Kulu oh right and
that's the modern Greek that I heard in his in his accent of course in ancient
Greek um I'm about halfway through her book God isn't that amazing amazing what's your book going to be
called God we're going to find him tonight are you ready the number of times the 6th
Century BCE is mentioned but never a source right right number of times it's
mention but never a source um your guy is full of it yeah thank you um what is
that there was a very important point that I wanted to bring out for people we do not care about theories we don't care
about word salads here we care about what the evidence is showing us the reality that's exactly what people are
hitting on it's nothing to do with me it's everything to do with The Muse the dragon guards that song that's it it's
the one job give it to me what's the oh let's hit Dan come here Dan it's time for Dan
let me take a couple of these clips and people this is not personal this is not
personal this is professional this is the guy that you see tonight who went to dozens of
professional conferences where people who have been studying ancient Greek and
Latin all their lives they come in and they they uh they
wrestle and you can't mess around man you cannot mess around that's what this is about I don't want anybody getting
taken into the back alley good let's go for it give me a Dan I want to suck this
up go and then there are um there are 79,900 like 45 words in Hebrew in the
Hebrew Bible alone so 79,000 79,000 yeah so I think he may have heard 80,000
somewhere he said eight yeah I think he may have Mook ad48 cuz there the Hebrew
Bible itself which is not all of ancient Hebrew like there's there was a lot of Hebrew writing in speaking outside the
Hebrew Bible but the Hebrew Bible itself has 880,000 different words in it
um right so who was confused there we all know it was DuckTales Dan and he
said something that was way off I don't know where he got
79,90 I don't know where he got those he pulled those out of some dark vaporous
black hole somewhere because that's not the that that look people what's the point of
this um this is not just a game when you're presenting history to
someone and you misrepresent it uh that's
unsacred that that's something that's befouling the planet we have to honor the Muse of
History her name is Cleo Dan her name is Cleo give us the next one he did correct
me on something there I said it was limited to classical and early Greek lyrical poetry but it's also in
classical and early Greek uh medical texts and and he pointed that out so oh
he did yeah now that has absolutely no bearing whatsoever on the claim that
that's what it means in the New Testament but um okay but it is in medical
text okay did you hear the voice of reasoning sneaking in there and the
Renaissance a champion coming out of Danny Jones did you hear that yeah no
DuckTales Danny is going to continue leading down this road of
deception right it's when you take the sources and you cram them in the
person's face that's when that's when you know you're in the right place you
as a classicist have done your job you've just guarded the sources we don't
want to hear what you think I'm sorry Dr P and Dr L Oxford Yale we don't care
in the slightest what you think we want to know what the evidence
is and we want to understand it for ourselves because we're Servants of the Muse of
History right um watch what's happening a couple more let's give a couple more go okay um what is the difference
between a a classical scholar and a Biblical scholar so uh a person who
studies Classics is primarily engaging in the the Greek and the Latin literature from the middle of the first
millennium BCE down into the first few centuries CE and and I use BCE and CE
where people use BC and AD um and so Classics doesn't really have uh a ton of
overlap with the Bible but the the people who wrote and transmitted and consumed the New Testament and as well
as the septu agent were also people engaged with classical literature and there's a lot of influence from classics
on uh the Bible that's not too bad he's he's only
off about 500 years so um classical philology is the study of Greek and
Latin and um our earliest sources are not in the fifth century right you've
missed half the boat right now what are you watching happen this man is an
expert who makes his living off of being an
expert when where is the responsibility to the Muse where's the
responsibility that we have we have an obligation to be accurate and all you
nerdy engineers and all you nerdy computer programmers you all understand
that the mathematicians that's the draw oh God we love it the musicians are even
they don't even understand right they're the musicians I love it but what's the
um he's off in the amount of time that we study but he also makes it sound like um
we don't study the Bible because we just do classical stuff right in Dan's mind
in the mind that works at the University in the mind that works at the
Seminary there is a division and space and time between pagans and non pagans
monest monest live in their own Universe right we all know that's not
true and that's why studying the Bible is part of studying Classics right okay isn't it it's
terrible misrepresentation of the actual science my God
man give me the next one that second sense revolutionary insurrectionist that's the kind of sense that would
could Merit crucifixion oh that's not even here here you said yeah where did you find the Revolutionary so I'm I'm
looking in uh what what Scholars affectionately know as bag which is a a Greek English lexicon of the New
Testament and other early Christian literature so it isolates the usage of these words within early Christian
literature to show how they're being used in those contexts yeah but wouldn't that kind of be a bias translation if
they if they don't if they Jesus is saying he's not a l St they wouldn't want Jesus to be saying he's not a a a
predator look Danny Jones right he got it he saw right through it what's the
source that you're using Dan mlen you're using a source that was created by a
specific group with specific types of
agendas and those words are going to be defined with their agendas in
mind you claim to be a translator Dan you should know that
yeah so what do you do what do you do you don't listen to those ideas you go
to the text you go to the sources and you look at them you say what do they say now the reason I want wanted to harp
on this is I want everybody to see this is typical medieval Dark Age
crappy classical studies is the
antidote to that death of the Dark Ages to that stuff that oozes oozes all over
your equipment knocks it out your Society H slows down stops progressing
and starts thinking things that are wild wild we don't go around the
Sun God created this place right okay the antidote is that
classical wisdom and all it is is beautiful beautiful reason expressed by
a language that just I'm sorry I'm sorry ladies I'm sorry Latin I'm sorry she's
the most beautiful by far by far now
people are wondering how many total words does Greek have right um last time
they checked in the tlg the giant Corpus has 1.77 million they used to say 20
years ago they used to say oh it's probably around 500,000 right now they're saying well
with the tlg it looks like it's much much higher that doesn't surprise anyone if you've done anything with this
gorgeous gorgeous pageant winner I'm sorry I'm sorry I hate to say that right
I really hate to say that but um she wins hands down hands down let's
just all recognize that it's why you have grammar yes it's why you even ask
questions about your language yes you know you do that in Greek right you just don't realize it because you've stolen
Greek right you speak this bastardized anglosaxon garble goop listen to that like listen
to my inability to find an Anglo-Saxon word that can reach that distant star
and pull her down okay it's gonna get gross now put your Splash bags on wait we got one more Dan hit me last one of
Dan are you familiar with Lucian uh not not very familiar now it's
been a while so he wrote a he wrote um Lucian was another example of a writer I
think this was like 150 I could be wrong here Steve you have to fact check me on this I think it was like 150 BC Lucian
was a a poet and he wrote a story about a guy named Alexander the false prophet
who was a l um and he's using the he's using the
context to how Alexander the context that Lucian uses to describe this guy Alexander the false prophet as this
terrible tyranical Lac who's trafficking people and and and uses using them as
like proost putting them into like prostitution rings and all kinds of stuff um I think he's using that for the
main historical context for um that passage in Mark where Jesus says I'm not a la days yeah that's so that wouldn't
be relevant to what was going on on the ground in in uh that part of the world because it's it's we're we're talking uh
200 years later 200 plus years later and a different part of the world and and a
different uh type of literature alog together um can you Google Lucian so we
can actually get the real story about what his deal was yeah so so this is saying he was 125 to 180 ad mhm right
okay so roughly about 100 and something 100 years in change after well less than
uh less than that for the actual composition of the gospels so there gospels are are 75 70 CE to maybe 125 CE
oh really okay yeah so that's so around the same time closer in time yeah it's it's much similar but
um so it turns out look you know there are certain
advantages of being able to open portals um look at how it worked out
originally the thought was first of all he didn't know who Lucian was right that's pretty you know okay he was only
a minor in classical Greek so H he probably didn't have that he probably had like one semester and it was like a
survey and they probably didn't do Luan right right this isn't a dude who's been reading Greek for the last 35 years
right or however long he's been out of training I don't know I don't know um
yeah but do you hear it people of am and you do you hear the
grade of professional Behavior do you hear the level of what it is either
rising to or falling to yeah do you hear that okay Lucian you
don't know him okay well you think here's the question then tell me why the lace days in Lucian is so different from
the lace days in Jesus's mouth in Matthew and Luke tell me we talk about
the lace days those two that hung with him uh the Lacey that are hanging next
to him uh in Mark that one's in Mark tell me what's the difference well it
Dan says look that's 200 years difference because he's thanks because he doesn't know watch how quickly
someone in a trench coat is willing to embrace a fabrication right he doesn't
know he's not from the second century he's from uh BC he's from the second
century a right and early and that for that
matter yeah what's going to happen then well Dan's going to discover he's he's
going to discover that he's going to have to scoop up up that pile of Boop
that he just defecated in front of you yeah okay do you want to get your
science from someone who is willing to
engage fiction I don't I don't want somebody
like that testifying in court either this is the classical standard
and classical philologists will hold you to this don't BS me I don't want to hear
your stupid ideas what's your text yeah it becomes annoying after a
while but if you want to be an investigator you have a certain professional standard to uphold right
okay fantastic fantastic let's go to the uh the first of our Venture tonight I
just wanted you guys to see this one more time just so we can put this baby to rest 7,000 look the head of The
Language Academy at Hebrew University who sets the standards for modern Hebrew says ancient Hebrews only got 7,000
words okay fine so the disparity between 7,000 and 1 Milli 770,000
that's what we need to remember and focus on as we're learning go give me
the next one here's the passage we're going to begin with tonight people it's that passage from Revelation I'm just going to transl it up and I counsel you
to go to the marketplace and pick yourself up gold that's been purified in the fire so you may be rich and while
you're there pick up a white gown throw it upon your
nakedness and what else you ought to buy a ceran and en Christ your eyes in order
that you may see that's the
text that's the medicine it's not separate the medicine and the religion
are the same salvation is a medical
term now now let's go to that party I promise you we would go to give me the next one give me the next one let's go
to the party here's the in Christ thing here's the in christing everybody since it's and you focus look at the third
fourth and fifth letters that's fromo the verbo it's the root for that
stinging the stuff you're putting in your eyes we're at the right and you know the first thing they're doing to
you they made you drink something and to be honest it's calming you down but now they're putting stuff in your eyes and
it burns like hell give me the next one it burns like
hell and it's purple watch this people watch this
we've seen the anointing as in the application of the drug look at the term that's under
number two you still get in Theo you still get the element of the
stinging the stinging what kind of stinging do you want us to have amen look at the end of that first line after
pass it says EOS inace EOS
inace what are you doing you're crfting yourself with poison and that word for
poison EOS that also is the word for Arrow because they're putting the poison
on their arrow and it's also the word for snake
venom snake venom fantastic fantastic oh don't you love it now look at the very
bottom word in the middle of that it says gon that's the thorn baby and when Paul Paul is doing his thing where's
Paul Let's get high with Paul bring him in bring him in yep there we are oh God
I forgot I forgot God I forgot God these couple of verses people I want you to
understand because it sounds like I'm crazy when I say something like the
Bible was originally written all in Greek the SE the septu is the oldest
form of the text that any Hebrew copies that came later like starting the first
those copies are copies those are not Originals those are copies from the Greek a failed and terrible and pathetic
attempt to translate a language that had become a monstrous Beauty a language
that had become a monstrous Beauty oh
God and what did this language say when it was being used
to compose The Book of Ezekiel it said look I'm God and I'm not
going to send you to any group of people who has that complicated
multi-cab language that you don't understand
Israel okay God himself has a thing about his own
child's language everybody knows God is
witnessing Hebrew is not the technically
Savvy language the Greek is straight up okay God's
language H yeah Apollo's
language you ought to see galen's public demonstrations that's what we're doing if people are like hey what are
you doing getting in the getting into the arena with people like Dan mlen and
what's his name Kip K and with Kip over on the Dead Sea scroll side what are you
doing getting into it listen Galen was an educated physician who went to
pergamum to get his education and he traveled traveled all over the place ended up in Rome and you know what he
did he challenged the greatest Minds in Medicine of his day and he challenged
them to public debates and he wiped the floor with them
and in wiping the floor with these Orthodox idiots he brought the new science and he
changed medicine in a way that it would stay changed for centuries
oh God and where did he get there he got there because he challenged Knuckleheads
who pretended to know something and galen's always like those fraking
charlatans those people you and your
sect you ought to read hypocrates sometimes you morons that's what gayin
was he's doing all over the place anyway he became the head physician and gave Marcus aelius his compound thec right
that same thing that Jesus was taken when he was arrested in a public park with a naked kid at 4:00 a.m. Mark 14:51
and 52 let's let's make sure we get to Paul because it's gonna get dirty wow yes
absorb that image oh love it love it thank you chewy
for the images by the way there some quite let's not this one boom boom okay people what I want to
bring you what do I want to bring you I want to bring you one more christing and this is a christing that
is taking place in our one of our oldest recorded um
oracles yeah one of our oldest this is Media working and what does it say it
says she is drugging them with that pain
reducing antidot do and she's giving it to them to Christ themselves with do you
see the second word in the second line th okay okay all right give me the next one
I want to show you a couple of things boom why is that important watch this people listen to this verb this is
far right and what does it mean to suffer the effects of drugs or
charms suffer the effects of drugs or charms usually the sex drugs are the
ones they're talking about when the victorians translated is charms charms
make things excitable are you Charmed look at number
two require a remedy so wait a minute you mean it means the action of suffering the
effects of a drug also means to require
a remedy do you see what's going on in the ancient Pharmacy and this is what I love telling people most because no body
studies this it's fun the pharmacy is complex polypharmaceutical so they're
using a bunch of drugs to combine with to make one drug that they can use to
fight another drug it's not fighting it it's balancing it did you want to see the Visions let's
get to Paul let's get to Paul when he starts making love to God don't tell me
that that nobody believes me nobody believes me can we can we jump down really quick I I hate to do this we'll
come back but I want to jump down to right there pull that up people I promised you this and I know
most people you know they they want the goodies this is a spell for a man to
obtain a male lover now normally what I do is I bring you our ancient text in
Greek but this one is Coptic and I don't
even look at Coptic so I wouldn't dare right I learned my lesson from watching
Alan and Dan right if you don't study that language don't say anything about it because you're G to look really goofy
When the tide turns and all of a sudden the guy's contemporary and you should know the term lay stat it's exactly the
same time they're writing the gospels is it relevant yeah it is well
the thing Dan said is he can't be in the same region right it's from a different part of the world no it's not Lucian was
ass Syrian who ends up in Egypt that's exactly surrounding Judea
yes it was perfectly did you like that you know what it takes to generate a
hole like that oh my god let's do this what is this spell for a man to obtain a
male lover look people it's a Coptic
text and it is so what we have is basically an Egyptian writing that has
been influenced by a Greek culture and is using Greek terminology they using
these spells by the way these are Christian and Jewish spells Christian and Jewish
spells still using still using those Greek power
powerhouses that taught them how to perform the magic they're still using them Watch What Happens here um this
text contains the same seex love spell commissioned by one HooHa um to bind
another HooHa right we don't care what they're named they're lovers good this name literally means The Old Man and the
monk right do we need to know that I don't know if we need that by means of a variety of powerful utterances ro ro ro
now I told you there are great Concepts all through these things um this is one of
them the Roose is the running that you have from your body it is your seed or
your ejaculation huh like your G
Ro is that running that you get when you are
infested with the things that cause you to run from your privis yes um Jer here's to the Brits
for coming up with words that don't sound dirty but are privy
members give me your put your privy
member privies now what do I say when I'm trying to attract my gay
lover right it's kind of nice that's all that matters the hoo-ha details don't matter give Give me the give me the very
bottom the next slide I mean give me the next one boom watch this people watch
this who is this that we are invoking look at the second line we're talking
about the power of yah who is that you know who that is
that's Jehovah that's Jehovah I told you they were Jewish
spells that's Jehovah what does Jehovah do Jehovah
brings together gay lovers did you make a picture of that
give me a that's what Jehovah does okay and you think to
yourself what a world is that being
embraced this is a part of the magic so the at very least we know that
Jewish Society at the time that this was written in fully
embraced yeah fully embraced one person's desire for a same-sex
relationship the fact that it is Magic does not say that it was on the down low
the fact that it was magic was says that this
process of Performing these rights was
Satur ated with spells just like this actions
just like this when we meet to perform magic we know there are sex spells there are spells in there for Christian men to
inseminate Christian women did you know that wow did you know you can do things
to people in their dreams and the Christians are the ones who are piloting
the dream vessels don't you want Vision what do you think apocalypse is let's go to Paul
he's the he he wants Vision he says he wants Vision go back up to where we oh go no go back up to where we'll come
back to that go back up to where we skipped um who do we we we skipped over somebody here was the second verb for
the far now before was phac and this is
pH are you ready that means to medicate and it gives us the very little
reference that we had there and but then I want you to look I want you to look at number two
it's also used of an arrow and it's used of that really weird
witchy thing that people do when they get Bewitched and they get all excited
do you know what happens when you get excited when you get filled with the
god oh we're gonna see the Purple Haze coming up I'm serious Purple Haze baby I
brought it for you give me the next one oh my God what is the antito it's just the antidote right I just wanted you
people to know I'm not making this up look antidote right I want you to look at one
medical author his name is Paul of egina now modern Greeks say AGA right Paul of
egina this is him and he's a physician he's a physician a Byzantine physician
he's not just a Byzantine physician he's an encyclopedist or he's a he's somebody
who laid down like all of the principles of medicine here's where his little Hometown you know there's the island woo
nice gorgeous right Paul good for you making a living go hit the next one um
what does he say I just want you to see a text that you will never see nobody's ever goingon to show you this ever you
can go to Oxford you're not gonna see this guaranteed um what is he talking about this is in a section I was reading
um that talks about what do you do for adenoids what do you do for tonsils right when they get infected and
he talks about here look you've got to make this trois this little pel this
little pill and it's got to be of Amber and then you have to take what else do you you got to compounded together and
you g to have that limni and earth right and you make the seals oh look we've
been here he's doing the same stuff gayen was talking about right oh that's fantastic and what do we do we employ it
this way after we add some blah blah blah okay what I wanted you to see what I wanted you to see is that he is
actively involved in using the terms that you see scattered all over the New
Testament and Old Testament okay he's using still he's
later he's Byzantine doctor and they are still using them huh they used them before the Bible
they used them after the Bible H let's go to the next one uh Dan will never
know he won't know who these people are look people just look at just peruse this sometimes and pause it and just
peruse it he says at the top here this is from his uh what is this the fifth
book it says it says uh in this fifth book you know are all these principles written out on the thcs and the Alexa
pharmica those are the thec and the antidotes you could translate that as and all you know to all the these crazy
crazy uh species that they're dealing with you know the first one is you know
you're guarding against the just in general poison like things that are poisonous but he goes through this list
and you're going to see a whole bunch of spiders and snakes scorpions right oh just a whole bunch of
different types of Venoms oh my God there's the there's the one they're using in the religious rights that make
gives you the thirst there's the Deep sauce oh you oh you Freemasons out there
you Freemasons who want it you're this close you need the sting Give me the
give me the next one let's just keep charging oh yeah this is what you do when you e playo watch this people you
can drive out of your mind you can be driven out of your senses right there's a there's a whole
set of vocabulary that is influenced by medicine and Antiquity right and that
doesn't live behind a wall like um you're not I'm not talking about the same thing as going to a hospital and
listening to doctors using their own jargon right I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about the common person in the street has no barrier of separation
between these words in Greek that are highly highly charged medical words and
any other use of them that's not MediCal there is no separation when you say
Christ you are envisioning a drug that is stinging you
to Madness that is the Christ okay the Christ is stung to Madness and
we have examples of it outside Jesus right we looked at media we looked at her her whole business right good she's
the founder right she's the one who made it and can I just say for those of you who are concerned for the
virgins I know you're concerned for the virgins and you understand that Jesus
Christ was performing actions that were contrary and that to tradition of the
orphic Mysteries because you you know you don't want to go there you don't want to be there with that boy that
Jesus is arrested with you don't want to be performing those acts that Jesus is
performing on the boy just like he didn't want to oh take it away from
me right you get this do you understand that as you go into the desert and have
access to Satan you understand why the trial is so heavy it's so heavy let's watch a
couple of these idiots go through this right give me the here we go now look
Paul says here he is everybody here's Paul he's about to do his thing you
thought it would be preaching or maybe an ice cream social no no no he's gonna
get ripped with a dude intimate intimately ripped and he's
going to fly to the third heaven you ever been to the third heaven oh God
what does he say he says I don't mean to brag right from all of these Visions I
don't mean to brag right but because nobody should
brag I was given a skops in my flesh I
was given a thorn in My Flesh and you know what that thorn is that thorn is an
Angulo satana wait did did Paul just say by way of a skops he has access to an
angel called Satan this isn't an angel of Satan this is an Satan
Angel oh do you know what that is he's sitting on the
throne in order why why is he given this because God likes to slap him around he
likes to slap him around give me the next one okay are you
there we're we're we're getting crazy with Paul don't worry about it what is that skops it's anything pointed yeah
that's why I say Thorn right and they say Thorn too look at the very middle of this page
though under number two if you look at the Greek on the third line it says scolopes that's the plural right Thorns
what kind of thorns fos do you know what kind of thorns you take that gets you to the third heaven
you take the pH purple Thorn and you
fly with God in love what yeah it gets kind of strange
like why do we have to have the sexual part Paul's dirty bro to's dirty dirty
dirty he's very clear with the um intimacy level that he and this
dude this dude are having right where's that spell where's that
spell by the name of Jehovah when you say Jehovah's name do you know what you're
endorsing you are endorsing the love of the same
sex if you had a second third fourth
Century rabbi practic is Magic you're going to find Jehovah being
invoked to grab a hold of that other Rabbi and to bring him in you want to
see you want to see it happening watch this give me the one that we ski go down
yeah maybe that one there it is who is this that we're talking about
let's just read it together blow it up chewy yet I am cyprien the great
magician this is third century who was the friend of the Dragon of the
Abyss what he called me his son and I called him father he placed his crown
and his diadem on my head I suckled milk at his right breast and all of you
looked at me when I told you Jesus Christ is wearing a
bra like what it's because he gives milk baby he gives
milk now this next part I can't vouch for this next part right he made me a place at his right hand that sounds cool
but he subjected me to every Power of his I'm not quite sure what that means
and if you were if you told me what what's he G to do to me well first you're going to this and then he's going
to subject you to every form of power he's got I don't know I don't know
I ascended what happened Paul this is this is not Paul this is cyprian no no
no this is Paul and cian and Jesus this is the performance of
classical religion cyprian is right cyprian is is
deep in the magic as anyone else maybe that's why they say he had
serpent Venom coming out of his backside yeah he did up they caught him
in a graveyard with two
prostitutes why why do you need the sex it's part of the right bro there's a
reason Jesus Christ was arrested with a naked kid in a public park what happened next the person who is in the right
ascends up to the pleades and they glided by under me like a ship right I learned The Whispers of
the stars of course you did there's nothing more oric than that I took possession of the treasuries
of the Winds do you know what the oldest hymns are in the mystery the Western
mystery The Mystery of the Bronze Age that gave you Judaism and Christianity
along with hundreds of other Cults do you want to know what happened
with at the birth of that they wrote hymns to the
winds yeah media is famous for it her HMS to the winds now if you're into the
magic you get it if you don't you don't I mastered the whole of astronomy right and then we get into but
all this did me no good with a virgin named Justina oh God now he's going to
get into it with her he gets obsessed right so what are you going to do when you're obsessed with a virgin you
bewitch her you Dr isn't that nice think of a world think
of a world where dating involves not the giving of candy but the Bill Cosby esque
giving of drugs yes did you know you can give
somebody a drug that will cause them to become
attracted to you wow that's fantastic let's give me
the next one give me the next one you being God as gay very much so very much
so right look he's the one that you go to right if you pray to him for war he's Mars right if you pray to him for fruit
he's Prius if you pray to him for homosexual
activity he's Jehovah let it sink in let it sink in
what's the stuff they told us it doesn't seem correct that well that's what happens when you allow monest to control
your education you get a fairy tale world you get Disneyland oh my God what's gonna happen
um he's going to lead them look he says I can't brag but you know I got a lot to say about these visions and these
apocalypses that I'm being given by God the Lord wait Paul is having visions yes I
just want you to look at that second line that in Greek opas
opas what is that that is a word that is the closest word to Hallucination is you
and I understand it in the Greek mind it was a vision or an appearance of someone
that was not actually there it's only seen by the from the perspective of the of the one who's describing it it's the
closest thing we've got to hallucination and then Revelations those apocalypses
that Paul is going through that is a prophetic IC marking of time right
that's an oracular gift so he's getting these hallucinations and these
comprehensions of time give me the next one boom and what else is happening look
these These are Paul Paul's words I want everybody to Envision for one moment Paul the
Apostle by the way if you did not realize yet I'll throw this in there as a curve ball because I don't think many
people have realized this I don't spend a ton of time with
Paul besides reading him frequently and he is uh obsessed with
children he likes to go with the young ons they like to take them on their missionary
Journeys well there's nothing I can assure you that is not regular that he is
involved with yeah okay let's see the let's see the next one boom give it to
me you know what's funny is the an Evangelical can't argue around any of
this because it's just what the text is saying here's what Paul says he says I knew I knew I recognized a dude this
dude he was this kind of dude and what did he do he says I don't know if it was
outside of my body right I don't know if it was in my body
the only one who knows is God but I knew this dude give me the
next one what do you mean you knew him what do you mean were you familiar with
him well let me explain says Paul let me explain I was grabbed up and jammed into
paradise and I heard things that are unspoken I heard those
I heard those things that you shall not speak yeah
yeah give me the next one what what's going on Paul
listen I'm gonna tell you I'm the man and my
hotus is your antidote my hotus is your
cure the power is in your
weakness the power is in your Catatonia the power is in your total
release and you know what I'm G to go ahead as Paul I'm going to go ahead and
I am going to take pride in my state of
weakness yeah because the power of
christing is making me
crazy and what is it doing it's ay skinos say it's what it's infiltrating
my brain the Christ is infiltrating my
mind the power of the purple and remember I Paul get bitten by poisonous
vipers and have no reaction just like Jesus
said he [Music] said it's not going to hurt you the
drugs aren't going to get to you I wouldn't suggest licking any part
of these people do you understand contact is enough to spread this stuff
right it doesn't take much to you know what I mean give me the next one boom
what's this hotest you say um look Paul's man long story short Paul's man
is God he ends up being God right and his hus is enough for Paul now every
Christian says oh don't be dirty it's not dirty it's just the word Grace here
it is outward Grace favor or beauty oh it must just be what just my beauty
maybe he's just saying my hotness is good enough for you baby right no take a look if you've been reading this stuff
with your life watch what your sweat produces give me the next one you know
there's a medical connotation and what is it surprise surprise it's in luution
nice the love charm baby do you know what your hottest is it's that thing
that makes you aroused do you know why Aphrodite is
always accompanied by haris yeah I don't either but I want to
be there why because you and I have been messing with love
drugs you and I know what that thorn in the flesh does a lot of you you know you
see the hippies and you see the hippies getting involved with drugs and you see the hippie get involved with the sex and
you think to yourself those dirty
hippies it looks like the hippies are drawing on some
kind of quantum reality that joins the action of
whatever the drugs you're doing to your brain with the sex huh interesting is that why when you
enter the right and they put you into the death state with an with with in a state of arousal
that they will force you into coming to climax while you're
dying that must be quite a that must be quite a thing to undergo it's no wonder
they all come back and they're like oh my God wish I'd had done that years
ago yeah some kind of Revelation the Beast Bears up that Cup
held by Lady Babylon yeah go for it next one let's
get the good let's get to the goodies get the give me the next one look at what is osis that Paul is undergoing
it's a weakness or a faintness right when his love magic is
strong enough for Paul Paul will be in a state of complete weakness inability you don't
know the right you've never been to the third heaven and you've entered that
osis give me the next one just in case you just in case you doubt um look at
atinos right it's just another it's an adjectival form right and it means
weekly and look what what's right next to that okay ready I'm gonna I'm gonna pop that that false reality in your
brain what is it to mean to be in that Weekly state it means to be pon
unless you come to me Pon you have no place in the Kingdom of
Heaven you won't make it you won't make it the right
requires and that's why Jesus has to be the way he is he's got to hide what's
going on because these are all the rights of the
initiates these are the mystery rights these are those baptisms that we hear so
much about you mean baptism is sexual yeah and it involve some
D yeah good good good good hit me with the next one boom and finally atinos
look you can even and surprise surprise the septu is the source here you can
even be in that state of weak mindedness think about that for a minute
you're going to combine that athenia and we use this word today in medicine my athenia gravis right same
thing um same rot you can be a weakened Soul think about that for a minute what
does that mean to have your soul weak have your soul weak you have to
enter in to this position of death you have to enter into it's part of the if
you don't have death you don't have Resurrection right is that person aroused yeah that person's brows give me
the next one boom now I want to read this passage to
you and I know people look at this and they're like holy crap it's an hour we're an hour into this he's got a gigantic passage yet but this is going
to go fast I'm just going to read it too fast and show you a couple of things now Paul says it was in there somewhere I
think I may have skipped it but Paul says hey um this is how I got to that third heaven right he doesn't know if it
was in in body or out of body right have you ever had one of those experiences where you're like oh God did that really
happen right and you're not just intellectually questioning it but you
actually kind of foggy about you know what I mean that's part of the
experience Paul is suffering the same side effects right the same mental Haze
they describe it as the mental fog yeah he's got it so that is one
right which in which involves you and God one onone in a homosexual
relationship in a place that will take you thanks to that htis will take you all the way to that
Visionary third heaven if you want to go there you're gonna have to do certain things cyprian
is gonna get caught in the cemetery with snake venom coming out of his
butt right certain sacrifices you got to make if you want that Vision all right
good you know it's the one thing Paul said that he had right everything else was everything else was fine he had some
trouble rationalizing it that's all let me give you this this is about Phineas this is about Phineas and I just
want to read here from the top um and he reverenced not a wit even Zeus himself
for he for told unerringly oh um Phineas is a prophet he's one of these drug using prophets and we're about to see
him doing his drug using thing um for he foretold unerringly to men his sacred
will right he exposed Zeus all the time wherefore Zeus sent upon him a lingering old age and took from his eyes the
pleasant light he took from his eyes the light
and suffered him not to have joy of the dainties untold that the Dwellers around
ever brought to his house when they came to inquire the will of Heaven you want
to go find out what the future is hang out with Phineas and bring him
some lovelies what happened right what
happened uh he had his light taken out of his eyes now this is very very common you might think oh this was the one
punishment of Zeus on this guy Phineas no no no no no no the sear are always
blind and haven't you noticed that the seers are always blind and the better
their sight the better their sight the less their Vision the ones who are strongest
in Vision are totally blind why because when you use the
burning purple it blinds you it's a sacrifice you make in order to see the
reality you have to destroy your own eyes if your
eyes are full of light oh God oh God you mean these
wackos are these wackos are doing this no wonder no wonder he needs
glasses what happened he's um on a sudden swooping through the clouds
whenever he was at his Banquets getting high and talking about the future the harpies with their crooked beaks
incessantly snatch the food away from his mouth and hands and at times not a
morsel of food was left at others but a little in order that they might live and be tormented and they poured forth
overall a loathsome stench do you know what happens when you
mix these drugs with the foods that you're taking you lose the flavor of
life and he's stuck he's stuck why are these harpies doing this and who are the
harpies you know who a harpy is do you have a picture of a harpy chewy probably not give me um who knows um the harpies
what do they look like yeah they are those ladies who rip your soul from your
body now if you've never had a woman rip a rip your soul from your body I'm sorry
no vision for you don't worry about it you don't need to have the concerns that
Zeus is going to want to bash you because you know the future yeah you don't want to but that's
okay that's okay if you haven't had the harpies you haven't had the harpies um let's let's keep oh no you didn't find
it blow that up blow that up are we on yeah and so what happens but on a sudden
you know they swoop down right and the harpies they give you the you know remember we're seeing these
harpies right we're with Paul we're hallucinating we have those Visions
those apocalypse
you should have paid Jaba you should have paid Jaba chewy I told you okay I
think we're back motion to me if we're there people are you live or people am I live okay a fart oh God all right look
what happens I leave for five minutes you start talking about farts um open
put up the screen redirect this conversation I just want to finish this and at times not a morsel of food was
left and they poured forth this loath some stench and no one dared not merely to carry the food to the mouth but even
to stand at a distance so fouly wre the remnants of the meal but straight away
when he heard the voice wait wait what and the [__] of the band he knew that
they were the men passing by at whose coming Zeus's Oracle had declared to him
that she he should have joy of his food so he rose up from his couch like a like
a light how did he get up right remember remember Jesus in The Garden of Gethsemane this the same this is the
same action the attempt to move stumbly bumbly right delusive imagine if you're
delusive and confused and you're trying to walk walk around yeah you can you stumbly this is
how Phineas is it's the way the prophets get people I'm not saying this they're
saying this okay let's let's open it up I can't see it it's too
small okay and what happens and he came forth from the no and he moved his limbs trembled
with weakness and age and his part skin was caked with dirt and not but the
skill held his bones together and he came forth from the hall with weared knees and he sat on the threshold of of
the courtyard and a dark stuper covered him what covers your prophets a dark
stuper what is that can we see that just let's let's just throw it out maybe there's some can we find some purple yes
can we find some purple here it is in the Greek here it is in the greekos de
fops poros this Purple
Haze hid him in mental darkness and when he
walked felt like the Earth was moving around yeah so he laid
down and entered into his coma all right all right do you see the
visions that are happening do you see the visions that are happening they're happening to people who are stumbly
bumbly entranced ecstatic and seeing things namely the
third heaven hit me with the next one um that an alos by the way at the bottom
that an Aldos this is what the person is who is under the influence oh by the way the Kos is just that heavy sleep notice
they put torpor so the Purple Haze that you're in right that is a state of
torper torper yeah yeah excellent give me the next one
and watch this almost done what is the anos that you become now a lot of people
would say for the Greek people here tonight you would say hey this is the alpha privative look at that first Alpha
it's the alpha privative that negativization
sounds bad so you say anos right and what is alos it's just
that speech but this is not simply someone without speech that is someone
who is a foros nothing is coming out what is an an alos it's somebody who can
speak but their articulations are not proper you can't
understand them what's that dude saying I don't know he's blah blah I don't know that guy's had so many drugs you see
that purple stuff coming out of his eyes and he's got all those Thorn Pricks in him this guy is a junky extraordinary he
must be one of those christs he must
be Paul is becoming a
Christ you didn't know it did you you didn't know there was a love affair between you and Jehovah did you but
there is when Watch What Happens this stuff is
unspeakable keep going do you know why Paul says he can't say certain things
about the Unspeakable things that he learned because not
everybody not everybody follows the Mysteries no you mean Judaism at its
core Christianity at its core is an
attempt an attempt to cover up sexual unions blessed by y
Sab yes huh maybe those vestals aren't
looking so bad you know they have to stay virgins do you know why vessels
have to stay virgins because that flame goes out that flame goes out when you
accomplish the race the flame time goes out you need the person remember she's a
poet and you need that poet in that state they used to say keep the lover at a distance from her never able to reach
but close enough to be seen so that the desire drives your
poetry can were those sons of were they clever or what that's fantastic that's
gorgeous give me the next one we're almost done boom yep oh no it get you know what I'm late
and you know what being late is late gets my goat did we do that one yeah no that's okay I said goat so
you brought Penelope Penelope we love you say hello to everybody that's here tonight and why do I show Penelope
Penelope is a gift if you look at her cross and you imagine you imagine that
the cross is covering a multitude of your sins you'll understand what the
right is all about Praise Jesus hail Satan Give me the give me the next one
boom I think we're done is that yeah yep we did that okay I'm gonna bring in look
tonight at am and you um I'm gonna bring in your drill sergeant but I'm he's only
goingon to be here for a few minutes because he's going to tell you how you're doing and he's going to tell you what you need to do to continue to
succeed so let's all sing Happy Birthday to um actually you know what I'd like to
do instead of singing happy birthday because chewy has and um Teddy have
spent so much time on these videos could we watch that intro one more time can we
could we watch the intro and then we'll watch the exit right after the DI is done give me that intro perfume
[Music] intoxication perfume [Music]
intoxication perfume intox [Music] toxication perfume
[Music] intoxication perfume intoxication music of the Antichrist
Ballad of the root Cutters ballerina come to see you fos with love Athena
adren chrom to your doen and end the war I'm vying for peace all things hidden
will be revealed I'm Freddy Krueger with the purple stone hell Satan Medusa's
home I'm in the Twilight zoning Roots I cut and grow them death B you to it take
two hits and hold it the which she keep you loaded so good they want myo it I
spit draging venom through hell into the heavens High fire is purple I'm with the
ashy ashmen where the horses rid flying through the night I'm here for the
promises you feel all right it's a policy she keeps it tight got the
costume on all night I'm with the fumigation company perfume
[Music] intoxication perfume [Music]
intoxication perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
[Music] intoxication all right thank thank you
for coming tonight to the dojo I know I've been getting a lot of your email I've been looking over what you're doing
and I want to make a couple of announcement there announcements there are groups that are on Discord groups of
my former students who have gone through the Intensive course and they are
setting up AIDS they're very much like AIDS stations um where you can be helped
whether it's with the alphabet whether it's with vocabulary whether it's with the pronunciation that we insist on at
am andu whether it's those things they're helping you through those things and I know a lot of people have
commented on how helpful it is to my former students like Nancy and Al booy
who are working on those on helping people to be able to make it through the
obstacle courses that we have to run now where are you you are done with unit one
you read through the introduction you read through unit one you did the exercises in unit one and you were able
to say okay what I can do at this point I can recognize basic words and I can
work with nouns a little bit I can work with nouns good we did nouns fantastic
what is coming up over the next two weeks what you will be expected to do is
to read unit two you will read it not just once read it a couple of times read
through it and go to the vocabulary list what do you do just read it all you're
doing is exposing your brain to the Greek right now don't sit there and try
don't sit there and try let it come natural let mother GRE come to you let
her embrace you right that's how it works go to it and look at the beauty
look at the beauty beauty of the words look at the sexiness of that vocabulary
list and everything that it tells you about your terrible terrible language
Anglo-Saxon if that's what you're speaking Yeah okay so here's what I need
for you to do unit two is the first of a
two unit section on verbs what are verbs
what are verbs this is all you need to know
there we go we're back verbs are words of action or being and by the way those
of you look it's the internet okay it kind of makes it quirky you love it I
know you do if you love the fact that it looks like I'm using a camera that's 100 years old um please say that right um
but it's the it's the way it is so look what do you have to do you have to be
able to recognize what a verb is and what is a verb a verb is an action or a
state of being that's all I want you to think an action or a state of being and
this chapter chapter two we're going to learn the basic components of the verb
how do we describe verbs verbs can be described
by words like person number tense mood and voice
person number tense mood and voice now do you have to be thinking about this no
and I don't want you to be thinking but if I thought about this stuff I would have never made it through Greek first semester never okay do I want you to be
thinking about it absolutely not I want you to be able to tell me you can describe verbs by their person number
tense mood and voice what is their person first second or third shut up
that's all you need to know what is their number singular or
plural what are their tenses we're about to teach you tenses
and you're going to say past present and future shut up what are the tenses that you need to know present imperfect
future arist perfect and pl perfect there were six of those
that you will know by the end of unit three present imperfect future aist
perfect PL perfect what are those the present I do
the imperfect I was doing the future I will do the perfect I have done the pl
perfect I had done the aist I did
fantastic okay that's all you need to know for tenses those all you need to recognize
are those six names and how to translate them and the book will tell you how to translate each
one of those so that's tense what is mood right now you only need to know one
mood and that's called the indicative all verbs have an indicative mood and
it's the majority of the ways that the verb is used you're just indicating
something okay that's all you need to know for now indicative right what about um voice
there are three voices we're only going to know one for now it's called the active voice but we also learn the
future the middle and the passive there is no true middle voice in
English why is that because English unlike ancient Greek does not focus on
the perspective of the speaker the Greeks are overly obsessed with the
speaker the one who is performing the action or having the action performed on
it that individual they're obsessed with it's like they can't you can't stop put
put yourselves in the place of the speaker right I wonder if is that a mark of intelligent language I think it is
did you know there are some intelligent languages and there are some dummy languages right people are gonna be like oh no you can't say that yeah you're
saying that because you speak one of those dummy languages fantastic right
know who you are right know who you are hit uh wait oh um so those are what you
need to know from the verb person number 10 smood and voice and you're going to
get all of the examples first person singular I second person singular you
third person singular he she it first person plural we second person
plural plural you third person plural they that's all in the book and it'll
all it'll lay that out for you why because what we're going to do and here's where you need to focus what
we're going to do when we learn verbs is we're going to understand as a
group that a verb is a machine and it can do many different
things and all you got to do is you got to change it ending maybe put something on the
beginning okay think about that we're going to take an action like kicking and we're gonna say ah I don't want to say
I'm kicking now I want to say I kicked yesterday you change the ending a little bit slap something on the beginning and
you got I kicked instead of I am kicking right well what if I want to put it in the future you change the ending and you
make it a future ending so that people can see oh this is kicking in the future right what if I want him to kick what if
I want our entire group to kick why can't we kick well it's easy change the
ending everything with the verb is dialed in from the ending yeah and so what you're going to
do that's called conjugation when you take that ending and you put it together with that root
oh God what do you happen you conjugate let's conjugate don't you love
to conjugate we're going to be doing that with our verbs and our verbs the last thing I
want to get across to you tonight because I know you're just going to be starting to read unit two the last thing I want to get across to you
is there is a Savvy way that the verbs have of acting
they can slide in and out of tenses very easily right there's a there's a lot of
wiggle room and the reason the Greek is that way is because when you hear that entire word and you hear it with its
beginning and its root and its ending you're forming a mental picture in your
mind and you can wiggle that you can you can paint you can change the tone of
your colors oh god let's make this one more intense right take it from the
indicative mood to the subjunctive and what do we do when we switch from the indicative to the
subjunctive we go from a world of just plain old narration to a world of
possibilities yeah in English we just use little models for that it's almost
like we tapped our brains somewhere and now we're going to just marching
Pete yeah where's the Pete pass the Pete it's on your
feet it's not so sweet give me the next one um I want to go to oh you're saying
where where we going here I want to bring oh I didn't bring it what I need to give you finally is to say hey the
exercises are there when you finish reading each unit you should attempt the
exercises right you should attempt the exercises and I will bring next week the
exercises just a smattering maybe half a dozen maybe 10 of those exercises and we
will go over them now if you can keep up with me you're doing exactly what you should be doing you're keeping up with
me you're going to notice now in unit two that there are a series of charts in
bold right the present tense the imperfect tense the future
tense you're going to get those now and you're going to see the endings that you got to tack on to those and what are you
going to do with those endings you're going to memorize them you're going to
memorize them what are the presents OA Omi what are the Imperfects
on on what are the erist
on interesting you mean you can just wrote those things yeah I need you to do
that part of the Intensive course is teaching you to go through those charts
and just boom memorize them so you can spit them out memorize your endings in in Victorian
England when you get the whip to smash the little boys on their backsides for
not learning the their Greek paradigms properly you say what are your
endings now you have to do that at this point because this is basic training when you're translating in the future
you're not going to be thinking oh God wait wait a I'm oh this is right you're not going to be thinking that way as the
more you progress into ancient Greek the less you're going to see um that that uh
tuning you're just going to see the final product and it's going to click it's like riding a wave you get to a
point where you're just riding a wave but at this point in the game if you don't and I lose I lose people's
interest if I focus on the paradigms too much because it's a lot of work it's a
lot of building it's a lot of of weightlifting just constant
weightlifting so here's what I need for you to do for those of you are following I'm going use intensive Greek course I
need you to memorize all the tense endings for the
verbs from unit two for next week so I can shout out and I can say what are the
future endings and you say O say U we're going to start doing that next week what
are you going to be doing this week grade unit two comprehend it start
digesting the vocabulary learn all read all those beautiful notes those beautiful notes about the derivations of
words and oh God everybody here you're going to be 900 people with that much
more um vocabulary so keep it up I know it's tough we have 1.7 million to
memorize so let's get going I love it um thank you for coming tonight uh thank you very
much there will be I just want you to know in the works um there will be some
kind of coming octagon we must if we are true members
of the New Renaissance we're going to have to uh subject ourselves to public
demonstrations public debates and so uh we're in the works
things are coming things are coming so I'm ready and I'm going to be getting in shape for it because I want to make
weight for this next competition you know you know what I mean Dan's one thing but you know you work your way up
the ladder right and um hopefully uh my
exercise program will be a able to get me to the stage that I'm undefeatable
and that's the goal that's the goal so how am I going to prep just for those of you who want to know over the next few
weeks I'll be reading all of the septu agent in the New Testament I have to you
know just the thing I've got to do in Greek of course in Greek of course thank you for coming and I hope to see you in
the future there are new interviews out um yeah I did a live interview oh God
um I'm going to list those you know I've got several of those to list and I'm going to list those um yeah let me do
that I'll put them on the uh web on the uh page here thank you for coming
tonight please please as you're learning your Greek you're going to become
frustrated you're GNA become frustrated if you have any access to the
people who are the veterans who have been through the program they can tell you look dude just chill out it's going
to it's going to keep like this right and someday you're going to look back and realize oh my god did I do that did
I do that much and you're gonna have a test after unit three and the tests are
fantastic I I do my tests in a way um I'm GNA do them for you oh all all 800
of us or how many of us are there not we're going to do it thank you for coming tonight I know it was tough I
know it was tough looking at some of the origins of Jehovah um and the things
that you didn't know that were there so for the for those of you who uh you know who are gonna write to me and tell me I
love one of the best comments I got recently was enjoy hell
idiot so for all of you thank you for coming sisters of frustration thank you for coming I'll see you Friday night for
lady Babylon um and we'll bring in the apocalypse hell Satan I never met a girl
like you before just give me a taste of hot purple kiss me in the Smoke room
cyan archers of Doom spells weaves carpets and looms media
bellisima my Athena death of a creeper fashion gibit
for child interferers sleep with the devil and then you will pay sleep with the devil
and you'll be taken away you must pay when you enter the gates of
babon for all that you did that's wrong Lex is Rex I am being cashing checks
doctors through dreams Purple Rain Athena doing a thing you can hear me
knocking at the door I'm in the purple suit said a H yeah here we go wolves
Spain thec flow perfume [Music]
intoxication perfume [Music] intoxication perfume
[Music] intoxication perfume [Music]
intoxication perfume [Music] intoxication perfume intoxication